---
templateKey: blog-post
title: What I have learned from 1 year of marriage
date: 2020-03-01T04:08:00.176Z
description: |
  January 11th, 2019
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/2019-1-.1-1029-2.jpg
tags:
  - love
  - marriage
  - partners
  - devotion
  - learning
  - 1 year anniversary
  - challenge
  - marriage is a mirror
  - friendship
  - beloved
  - adoration
  - kindness
  - maturing
---
This is the day I married Joseph; my sweetheart, my sunshine, my partner, my advisor, my competitor, my friend.

This first year of marriage has been challenging. I saw parts of both of us I was not expecting to find. I made amends with parts of myself and I realized how much growing we both still have. And though, we may be young we are fierce. I am honored to be married to a person who challenges me to be better while still maintaining what value I have. I find new ways to enjoy life every day with my husband. Not every moment is filled with love, and sometimes those moments count more in the end. I think there is a lot to learn from the moments that are not rose-colored or filled with hugs and kisses. Sometimes marriage means showing your loved one you care for them by preparing their favorite snack food after a hard day, (especially if those snack foods are typically things you gripe at them about). Sometimes marriage is showing kindness and letting a smaller issue drop even if all you want to do is be angry and show them how they're wrong. Sometimes marriage is living out separate lives imperfectly and holding hands all the way through it, knowing that you have a friend in each other even when life is hard. Sometimes marriage is sleeping on the couch willingly because you don't want to disturb your partner and you can't fall asleep. 

I love my husband because he sees me realistically. He sees me for me, as a person who farts and cusses and eats potato chips in the middle of the night five minutes after brushing my teeth. He knows me and he knows my imperfections, and he still gives me more love than I ever expected to receive or feel I deserve. And sometimes I think this is what real love is and this is why so many relationships fall flat or feel like they only scrape the surface. It took us years to become this comfortable with each other. It took a marriage - an oath to God and a legally binding document that says we belong to each other - and we STILL are learning things about each other and ourselves every gosh dang day. So in a way, this gives me hope for friendships and relationships in all aspects. If this is what it takes - the time, the devotion, the patience to really get to know someone - so be it. It's all a matter of commitment, how much is any person willing to commit to another? This is where it becomes more challenging because life asks so much of every person. But I will end off here. It is wonderful to see the good marriage can do for two people who are finding themselves in their mirror image of each other.
