---
templateKey: blog-post
title: 20 for 2020
date: 2020-03-03T01:13:14.139Z
description: >-
  20 things I would LOVE to accomplish & 20 things I'm proud of myself for
  already accomplishing
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/8f61126fe5ac06b0475efc37ada1bee0.jpg
tags:
  - make a list
  - 20 for 2020
  - inspiration
  - goals
  - proud
  - happy
  - accomplishment
  - growth
  - future
  - travel
  - youth
---
I found this idea from and thought it was genius. I love any opportunity to make a list especially one that gets me inspired to set my eyes on future possibility for myself and for those I love.

Things to accomplish:

1. finish my associates and decide on a major for my bachelor's degree
2. build up my painting portfolio by collaborating with my amazing art friends/associates here in KC using a communal space to meet every week
3. read the Bible in completion in 3 years
4. write a paper about my beliefs on some of the controversial topics inside the Bible (more on this later)
5. travel to Texas, California, New York, Arizona, Nevada, & Washington
6. _relearn_ (and hopefully this time it sticks!) French
7. continue going to barre/yoga with my sister :) 
8. build strong friendships with those I love by visiting them as often as I can and being available even when it's crunch time in school (remember that frequent but brief visits are probably better than lengthy but infrequent visits) 
9. continue daydreaming while doing workouts to help motivate me and take care of mental health
10. complete a book of poems
11. use wax this year instead of shaving
12. start wearing red lipstick more often and feeling good about appearance
13. find a dancing class
14. practice ballet
15. run at least one more 5k 
16. run a 10k for the first time
17. build up my plant collection
18. find a plant community to get involved with, maybe a local garden center that I can volunteer part time
19. no skipping class unless absolutely necessary
20. play ultimate with my husband (at least once!)

All of these range from serious - not-so-serious but they each have a part of me and I'm so excited to see all the change this year has to offer.

Things that I am proud of myself for already accomplishing this year:

1. unlike last semester, I have had a very good attendance record so far (I have only missed one class and I regretted missing the content because it sounded really interesting!)
2. I completed my online CSIS class in only about 10 days because I wanted to be able to prioritize my other subjects and because it had a limited free trial with the book (so essentially I rushed to avoid paying $120!)
3. daydreaming has been a huge motivation for me during my runs and workouts this year. I have also really enjoyed using music during my walks/jogs/runs and I've taken a more relaxed approach to my fitness goals by not getting hard on myself over stopping and starting. As long as it helps me to feel happy and energized I feel no need to put unnecessary expectations on myself or my limitations
4. I've gained some experience with houseplants and feeling a little more knowledgable of the different species and requirements
5. my nutrition class has taught me quite a few things but the most helpful have been learning the recommended daily amounts and comparing what I've been consuming to what may need some work (more on this later)
6. (technically happened in November on Thanksgiving but I wanted to add anyways), as a married couple we completed our first 5k at the Turkey Trott and I felt so good about myself because I pushed myself harder during the second half and finished without stopping at a decent time...all the training we did together really paid off!
7. Joseph and I tried community groups through Abundant Life for the first time as a married couple.
8. I went to counseling for the very first time with Joseph and individually and I learned so much from my visits. Our therapist is absolutely amazing! 
9. I did try waxing for the first time in a while and it wasn't so bad. Which is why I now want to try hard wax because I've heard good things about it.
10. (may seem like a small victory to some but a big one for me) I found kitchen gloves that don't dry out my hands and help me clean up the kitchen and feel organized without any fussy eczema from constantly washing up
11. going to the doctor's confirmed that I have a wheat intolerance and so with some hesitation at first I found a great new diet that works for me that still includes staple items like bread, pasta, and bagels (all gluten free and all from Aldi's! - I love that place so much.)
12. did my very first boudoir photoshoot with my sister and she made me feel incredibly sexy and confident - I'm so glad I took a leap to do that with her, (what a great way to bond with a sister! - we were cracking up the entire time). She is an incredible artist. She has a number of skills including painting and photography, (I'm also honored that she took our engagement and wedding photos.)
13. I tried doing adult ballet for the very first time. This was a dream of mine ever since I was little and I felt like it was time to try it out. My expectations were definitely different from reality but someday I may try it again and attempt to find that wonderful balance of grace and raw strength.
14. pet a horse named Pablo with my family (didn't get to ride the horse but I learned how to hold it's harness while walking him, brushing him, and how to remain calm but confident). I also adored the lady who allowed us to visit and pet her Pablo - she was super friendly and knowledgeable helped made the experience memorable.
15. attempted to make my very own board game (for Joey because he loves them)
16. I learned that microwaving citrus fruit such as lemon or lime helps to get more of the juice out of them for salads and other preparations (small victory but if you love lemons like I do you'll find this to be genius)
17. meditated for the first time and in a college course! - (can you guess which course?) - it was psychology! I adore my teacher and the content she gives us. I learn so much from every singe class period.
18. working on finding my boundaries and sensing other's boundaries better
19. discovering deeper friendships with my family members has been incredibly satisfying - especially my sisters and my mother-in-law
20. and last but not least, something I have already accomplished in 2020 that I am proud of myself for is the spirit of making lists and getting things done!
